GOLETAS COMMUNITY SOURCE CODE LICENSE AGREEMENT
Version: June 11, 2006 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright © 2005 - 2007 Maksim Goleta. All Rights Reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
of this source code and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of 
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software or documentation (and/or other 
materials) for the binary forms, if any, produced from the Software or derived 
source code.

Products derived from the Software may not be called Goletas, nor may Goletas 
appear in their name without the prior written permission of Goletas. This 
license does not grant you any rights to use Goletas' logos or trademarks. If 
you alter the Software in any way, you must remove the modified source code 
from the Goletas code namespace, if applicable, and cause the modified files 
to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files.

If you begin patent litigation against Goletas over patents that you think may 
apply to the Software (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit), 
your license to the Software is terminated automatically.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN 
NO EVENT SHALL GOLETAS, THE CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT 
OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE 
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, neither the name Goletas nor the names of 
contributors or copyright holders may be used in advertising or otherwise to 
promote the sale, use or other dealings in the Software or products derived 
from the Software without the specific prior written authorization.